# March 29, 2006
I’ve made some more progress into the diary/manuscript but I’ve had to skip around quite a lot from all the damage. It's a lot like piecing together a puzzle but half the pieces were lost in a fire. Anyways, I’ve learned a couple of things since my last post. It seems that the narrator is supposed to be the author of the music based on a line from one of the entries. Even crazier? They’re living in some kind of church being led by this reverend who preaches that God is gonna wipe out all life on Earth and I’m guessing Lucet is the harbinger of death. That’s some pretty gnarly stuff. I mean, who comes up with something like that, much less writes a book about it? They don’t even believe that they’re going to Hell, but instead think that God just turns them into nothing. Even I have a tough time wrapping my head around that.

Something else stuck out to me, too: the author used the term Manifest Destiny, which I know comes from the second later 19th century (don’t judge me for being a nerd). At the very least, I now have an incredibly rough window of time to know when the diary was written, in the later 19th century or even early 20th century.

I’m still not sure what the significance of the music sketches are to the story, although I have enjoyed arranging them so far. I’ve been playing them mostly on my guitar and my old violin and they sound so musical. However, there’s two sketches in particular that make absolutely no sense to me, they don't really have any rhyme or reason (no pun intended), like they’re just jumbled messes of notes with no sense of melody. I haven’t touched them much yet since I haven’t figured out what they’re supposed to be, but I’ll keep working on it.

---
March 29, 2006