# April 05, 2006
Hello and welcome to my blog! 

This will mainly be a place for me to showcase my photography and the music I’m working on. It’s my first time designing a website so I’m still learning a lot as I go, but I have hopes that it’ll come together eventually. In the meantime, feel free to explore, get comfortable, and I hope you enjoy yourselves!

A little about me is that I'm an artist from Seattle, Washington, I write music and play a bunch of different instruments like guitar and piano and violin. I’m a huge fan of rock and emo bands like Sunny Day Real Estate, The Promise Ring, and Cap’n Jazz. I occasionally write, but I’ve never considered myself to be that great at it and I enjoy music more. Over the last couple of years, I’ve also started to get into photography, I have a couple of nice little film cameras that I love. I think eventually I will get a digital camera, but I just love the saturation from film, even if it is a pain in the ass to pay for developing. I guess I would also consider myself a bit of a techie, which I think I get from my parents. I mean, I know enough to get this website up and running but that’s not super impressive, but I also love messing around with circuits, especially with my music gear to try and get different sounds out of them. 

Anyways, if any of those things sound interesting to you, I hope you stick around because I’ll be posting a lot more of that (once I get the rest of these pages formatted). Talk to you all soon!

---
April 5, 2006