# April 07, 2006
I’ve stumbled upon something huge. I don’t think this journal is a manuscript at all, I think it’s actually real. I know, I know, I sound crazy right now. How could this book be real when the whole time I was convinced it was all fiction? Well it wasn’t until I got to the end of one of the entries when I realized. See, in the entry the narrator was describing these yellow houses when they mentioned Magnolia Bluff and I realized that I knew exactly where they were talking about. I’ve been there before, in fact I’ve seen those very houses before on a school field trip to the Fort Lawton Historical District in Discovery Park. The author claims that the base was relatively new at the time of writing the journal. If this is true, then that means I can actually date this journal at around the time of Fort Lawton’s opening and expansion, between 1900 and 1910 (I checked some records already). Could it be that Fort Lawton is where the author went and he didn’t stay with the cult after all? 

I’m still trying to grapple with the implications. Has the person I’ve been reading about been real all this time and what does that mean, that the church was real? Was Lucet real? It’s only now that I realize I’ve only found tiny fragments of the whole story. Even then, who’s to say that the contents of the journal aren’t just a coincidence or still just fiction?

I have to go and find out the truth for myself, which means I guess I have to make a trip to Discovery Park. I’ll have to carve out time this weekend to go, it might take me a few days. After all, Discovery Park is huge and I have a lot of ground to cover

In the meantime, I’ve decided to start scanning and transcribing the journal entries and making them available to read on this blog. If there’s one thing I’m certain of right now, it’s that this is starting to go way beyond me so I’m asking the help of the internet in confirming my hunch. I hope to have an update on what I’ve discovered in the next week or so.

Until then, please share this page with anyone you know who could help with the search and I’ll talk to you all soon.

---
April 07, 2006