# April 16, 2006
Discovery park was a bust. I’m not sure where I went wrong, I’m so sure that the author was describing this place in the journal but I’ve come back for three days straight covering ground and I still have yet to find anything of value. 

The dumb place takes forever to get to without a car, but once you’re there you’re sort of tucked away from a lot of society.I went to the most obvious places first, that being the yellow houses which were actually decommissioned barracks as well as the chapel not too far off, but I didn’t find anything of use there. I then followed a couple of different trails to see if I could find anything off the beaten path but nothing much there either. I have to say though, everything about this place gives me the creeps. Sure, there's some neighborhoods around it and in the park, but if you travel far enough into the park it gets really eerie. Everything is far apart, too perfect, and too uniform. The bluffs and the beach are beautiful to look at, but they’re so fragile that it’s impossible to shake the uneasy feeling that the ground beneath your feet will slip out from under you at any moment. The whole housing set up is unnerving too: once you get away from the old barracks and you head to the trails, some of them are so overgrown they lead to nowhere. It’s just you, the brambles, and the birds. 

I took as many pictures as I could fit on my half-used film roll and I plan on dropping them off to get developed and combing back through them asap. 

Honestly, I’m not sure what I’m missing, but I don't even know what exactly it is that I should be looking for. A gravestone in the graveyard, records of service? I already combed the entire graveyard but the only name I have to go off of is Josef and I doubt there’s still any records being kept in this place. No, this has been a total waste so far.

Since I’ve been trying to transcribe these journals, I’m hoping that doing so will eventually help me find a clue or something that I missed before. Besides, I still have a few unread journal entries left. The only other thing that’s made any tangible progress is my arrangements of the musical sketches. It’s been the only way I’ve managed to keep myself distracted from how dire the investigation has been going so far. I’m not even sure why I’ve become so attached to these notes or the author who composed them, who I’m still not even sure is a real person, but I am,  I’m determined to see this through to the end. Anyways, I’ve scattered a few of the first demos on some pages, I hope you guys enjoy.

---
April 16, 2006