# April 21st, 2006
I stayed up late last night transcribing the first couple of journal entries and I gotta be honest, I’m not entirely sure I know what I’ve found. 

This diary is a mystery to me from front to back, like it’s actively resisting me in any way it can. The writing is definitely in English but you wouldn’t be able to tell at first glance, the cursive is so incredibly loose. Some of the pages are too damaged or fading to make out entire paragraphs. There’s also no name claiming ownership of the journal. The pages aren’t even dated so it’s impossible to place when in time it was written. The music, while using the standard staff and notation, contains symbols that are completely foreign to me, like they were written as shorthand for the author to understand. And finally, the journal entries themselves:

From what I’ve been able to read so far (assuming I am reading this correctly), the diary presumably belonged to that woman’s ancestor, the first one to come to Washington as part of some sort of religious pilgrimage. The author kept mentioning some star they were following; they called it, or rather Her, Lucet. None of my search queries have turned up a single mention of a star nicknamed Lucet or a mention of Lucet in any Christian churches other than that the word comes from Latin, so I have no idea where the name comes from. Even weirder, though, is the way the author talks about this Lucet: all seeing and all knowing, just like God. I’m not sure what role Lucet actually plays for the pilgrims: it seems like they’re an offshoot of some Catholic or Protestant church based on the terms used, but it’s unclear if Lucet is their term for God or if “She” represents something else. Not to mention, the author also said something about “Her calling them back” and having to “pay more than we paid on Earth”, whatever that means. 


The more I read on, the more questions I have. Who is this author and who or what is Lucet? What was the goal of their pilgrimage and what happened to them? Why is there no record of such a church existing in Washington? 

So many questions, so few answers.

---
April 21, 2006