# April 26, 2006
I stayed up late last night transcribing the first couple of journal entries and I gotta be honest, I’m not entirely sure I know what I’ve found. 

This diary is a mystery to me from front to back, like it’s actively resisting me in any way it can. The writing is definitely in English but you wouldn’t be able to tell at first glance, the cursive is so incredibly loose. Some of the pages are too damaged or fading to make out entire paragraphs. There’s also no name claiming ownership of the journal, so my hope of eventually returning it is a bust. The pages aren’t even dated so it’s impossible to place when in time it was written. And finally, the journal entries themselves:

The author kept mentioning some star; they called it, or rather Her, Lucet. None of my search queries have turned up a single mention of a star nicknamed Lucet or anything related to the word at all other than that it comes from Latin, so I have no idea where the name comes from. Even weirder, though, is the way the author talks about this Lucet: all seeing and all knowing, like she’s a god. Speaking of which, the author also mentioned belonging to some church and having gone on a pilgrimage, but where to or from isn’t mentioned. I wonder if they worship this Lucet as their deity. 

I’m not sure exactly what it is that I’m reading. I’m beginning to think that maybe the diary is actually a manuscript for some book written in the style of a diary. But then, why can’t I find any information if it is supposed to be a book? And why would the author include written music in the second half of the journal?

The more I read on, the more questions I have. Who is this author and who or what is Lucet? What was the goal of their pilgrimage and what happened to them? Why is there no record of such a church existing in Washington? 

So many questions, so few answers.

---
April 26, 2006