# April 30, 2006
It’s been a while since I’ve updated you all, but I promise I’m not dead. I’ve spent the better part of the last two weeks going through the collections of every library in the public library system, but I’ve still come up with nothing. I mean, there’s absolutely no record of any kind even remotely related to the journal, its contents, or the church. I feel like I’m hitting a brick wall here, is this journal really the only existing record?

I’ve been rereading it voraciously, trying to find absolutely anything I missed, any clues or hints or just anything that could help me get to the bottom of this mystery, but I’ve got nothing. I feel like i can sense Lucet somewhere out there mocking me. 

I think I have to go back to Discovery Park, it’s still my only tangible lead to come from the journal. I must have missed something when I went the last time, that has to be it. I refuse to believe the trail has run cold so early. I know that they were headed for Seattle and they had to head North, which means I should be looking to the South of the city, but I have no idea where to even begin looking. 

I’m starting to get really discouraged that this investigation is gonna go anywhere and I can only put off the rest of my responsibilities for so long. I’ve called out of work twice this week to spend more time at Discovery Park and my parents are starting to ride my ass about how much time I’ve spent out of the house instead of focusing on a career. I wish I could explain how meaningful this is to me, I feel like I’m doing something genuinely important. After all, I think I would want someone to try and remember me when I’m gone. That’s been my whole intention with this music, to try and honor someone’s memory and give their songs a chance to be heard.

I guess there’s really not much else to do as of now except head back to Discovery Park whenever I get the chance and hope that by some miracle, some new clue falls down from the Heavens into my lap and I’m able to make some new progress because if not, this case may just go cold. For now, I’ll prioritize transcribing the rest of the journals that I’ve made my way through until I can get back out there. I’ll talk to you all soon.

---
April 30, 2006