# May 06, 2006
I joked in my last update about a clue falling from the sky when ironically, it was right in front of me this whole time. I went back to Discovery Park over the weekend and took the journal with me. It wasn’t until I stopped to take a break and skim through the journal, though, that I finally noticed the missing clue. In the same entry mentioning Discovery Park, the author explicitly mentioned following a creek upwards, presumably to Seattle. It’s so obvious I can't believe that it’s been staring me in the face for weeks now: that’s my next clue, I’m searching for a creek.

I came straight back to my place as soon as I realized so I could start researching where this investigation is leading me next. In order to narrow it down a little, I’ve considered a few things. Number one: I’m only considering bodies of water South of Seattle, Number two: the creek realistically has to be within roughly six hours walking distance from the city as well, which helps narrow down the possibilities by a lot. Finally, the creek has to be close enough to the shore to see boats, which the author has mentioned more than a few times. With all of that in mind, I threw myself into as many maps of the greater Seattle area as I could get my hands on.  If I’m not mistaken, the only two creeks that fit this description are Miller Creek and Des Moines Creek so my work is cut out for me. I’ve been to Des Moines Creek once before and it’s a little further away, so I think I’ll start with Miller Creek. I’m not sure if I should start closer to the top of the creek near the airport and work my way down or start from the beach and replicate the author’s journey North.

Either way, I’m just over the moon excited to have a new lead to follow. I was terrified for a minute that this case would go cold and I’d never be able to find out more about this author or where they came from. Now, I’m one step closer to understanding what Lucet is. Tomorrow, I’m headed out to search Miller Creek and see what I can find. I’m not really sure what I’m expecting to find, a big church that says “Here lies the Cult of Lucet”? Yeah, right. But there’s gotta be some remains, some sort of mark on nature that signified human life, even if it’s a hundred years old, right? I guess I’ll be finding out tomorrow, but until then I’ll have more updates soon.

---
May 6, 2006