
![Journal4A.png] (Journal4A.png) ![Journal4B.png] (Journal 4B.png) ![Journal4C.png] (Journa4C.png)
---

Just below my feet is an impossibly long rope-ladder that I have to climb. It sways gently in the wind. The wooden pegs thud against the ship’s boards monotonously. It mocks me. There is supposed to be a rowboat in the water somewhere, but the ship is so tall and the sea is so wide that I can't seem to find the boat beneath me. I am standing and holding the railings with my entire hand. My knees can’t seem to obey, and I have to sit on them for a moment.  I place my hands on the deck and peer down a second time. I still can’t quite seem to locate the boat. I turn over my shoulder and look back onboard the ship. 

—

Two additional boats had passed by our stretch of the coast. That is the most that we have seen in such a short time. 
During sermon today Brother Thomas asked us if we remembered the long, desolate journey and to look at our commune. He asked us to recall the harshness of the trip, of settling here, of having to know that we are the sons and daughters of a pestilent race. By reminding ourselves of our wickedness and rejecting a sinful life we are fulfilling God’s word. Our pernicious hearts do not deserve salvation, not for what we have done. 
Brother Thomas said that those on the boats, those that traveled the long trail with us, and those that settle around us idolize falsehoods. Their behavior goes against our mission and God’s message. To reject their lifestyle and their interference with our obligations to God is one of life’s many tests of faith. 
He asked us if we recalled the first sermon officially held in this chapel. He pulled a damaged paper from within his bible and began to recite the sermon. He said that God came to him in a dream, and decreed his departing words to mankind. We have sinful, rotten souls. We claim to follow God’s gospel in his House but we only act in sin, greed, and lust. 
    
    God said “Your punishment is such: You will be cast out from your homes and stripped of shelter. You will be stripped of excess wherever you may go. You will  follow my Shining Angel, Lucet, the West star towards your Manifest Destiny. Your journey will be excruciating, but you will go because I have decreed it as so. You will follow Lucet until you see where the sea meets the weathering coast and you will settle there, and you will never leave because I have decreed it so. You will endure ten brutal winters, your crops will fail, your lands will be barren, you will know hunger no man has ever known. You will endure because I have decreed it so. When the tenth Winter passes and Spring breaks, My Lucet will bring you to your fate. You will hear the voices of a million souls singing your Requiem and that will be the End. There will be no Heaven for you, nor Hell, there will be Nothing for you. For Nothing will you be. That is your punishment. Your gift is now your curse, your will means nothing and your fate cannot be escaped, for any of you who attempt to leave your mortal coil before my Lucet comes to pass will face my Wrath, a fate worse than the Nothing you can't fathom, I have decreed it so.” 

Each word was burned into my memory as he said them. Nothing. I can’t quite imagine nothing. In the past I wondered if nothing is like the sea, but the sea is something and it contains other things. I considered if it was blackness, or whiteness, or even blueness like the sea and sky. Is color something or can color be a part of nothing? 

I can’t quite imagine nothing because I’ve always been surrounded by something. As a baby I was surrounded by my mother. When I die I will be surrounded by Lucet’s light, but I will also be surrounded by soil and grass; perhaps in my bed surrounded by sheets; amongst my sheep with dew on my ankles, sun on my face, and wind in my hair; in the ocean surrounded by lots of water, rocks, and seaweed; in the company of Josef. Something has always been here– God. When I die and turn to nothing will I be surrounded by God? 
